---
title: "Task rule and choice are reflected by layer-specific processing in rodent auditory cortical microcircuits"
collection: publications
permalink: /publication/2020-07-01-taskrule
excerpt: ''
date: 2020-07-01
venue: 'Communications Biology'
paperurl: 'http://academicpages.github.io/files/paper1.pdf'
citation: 'Your Name, You. (2009). &quot;Paper Title Number 1.&quot; <i>Communications Biology</i>. 3(1).'
---

The primary auditory cortex (A1) is an essential, integrative node that encodes the behavioral relevance of acoustic stimuli, predictions, and auditory-guided decision-making. However, the realization of this integration with respect to the cortical microcircuitry is not well understood. Here, we characterize layer-specific, spatiotemporal synaptic population activity with chronic, laminar current source density analysis in Mongolian gerbils (Meriones unguiculatus) trained in an auditory decision-making Go/NoGo shuttle-box task. We demonstrate that not only sensory but also task- and choice-related information is represented in the mesoscopic neuronal population code of A1. Based on generalized linear-mixed effect models we found a layer-specific and multiplexed representation of the task rule, action selection, and the animal’s behavioral options as accumulating evidence in preparation of correct choices. The findings expand our understanding of how individual layers contribute to the integrative circuit in the sensory cortex in order to code task-relevant information and guide sensorybased decision-making.

[Read paper here](https://www.researchgate.net/publication/342658281_Task_rule_and_choice_are_reflected_by_layer-specific_processing_in_rodent_auditory_cortical_microcircuits)

Recommended citation: Your Name, You. (2009). "Paper Title Number 1." <i>Communications Biology</i>. 3(1).
